README.md, before:

# OpenDeepWiki

[中文](README.zh-CN.md) | [English](README.md)

<div align="center">
  <img src="/img/favicon.png" alt="OpenDeepWiki Logo" width="220" />
  <h3>AI-Driven Code Knowledge Base</h3>
</div>

---

# enterprise service

[Pricing of enterprise services](https://docs.opendeep.wiki/pricing)

Our enterprise service offers comprehensive support and flexibility for businesses seeking professional AI solutions.

---

# Features

- **Quick Conversion**: Supports converting all GitHub, GitLab, Gitee, Gitea and other code repositories into knowledge bases within minutes.
- **Multi-language Support**: Supports code analysis and documentation generation for all programming languages.
- **Code Structure Diagrams**: Automatically generates Mermaid diagrams to help understand code structure.
- **Custom Model Support**: Supports custom models and custom APIs for flexible extension.
- **AI Intelligent Analysis**: AI-based code analysis and code relationship understanding.
- **SEO Friendly**: Generates SEO-friendly documentation and knowledge bases based on Next.js for easy search engine crawling.
- **Conversational Interaction**: Supports conversations with AI to obtain detailed code information and usage methods for deep code understanding.

---

# Feature List

- [x] Support multiple code repositories (GitHub, GitLab, Gitee, Gitea, etc.)
- [x] Support multiple programming languages (Python, Java, C#, JavaScript, etc.)
- [x] Support repository management (CRUD operations on repositories)
- [x] Support multiple AI providers (OpenAI, AzureOpenAI, Anthropic, etc.)
- [x] Support multiple databases (SQLite, PostgreSQL, SqlServer, MySQL, etc.)
- [x] Support multiple languages (Chinese, English, French, etc.)
- [x] Support uploading ZIP files and local files
- [x] Provide data fine-tuning platform to generate fine-tuning datasets
- [x] Support directory-level repository management with dynamic directory and document generation
- [x] Support repository directory modification management
- [x] Support user management (CRUD operations on users)
- [x] Support user permission management
- [x] Support repository-level generation of different fine-tuning framework datasets

---

# Project Introduction

OpenDeepWiki is an open-source project inspired by [DeepWiki](https://deepwiki.com/), developed based on .NET 9 and Semantic Kernel. It aims to help developers better understand and utilize code repositories, providing features such as code analysis, documentation generation, and knowledge graph construction.

Main Features:

- Analyze code structure
- Understand repository core concepts
- Generate code documentation
- Automatically generate README.md for code
- Support MCP (Model Context Protocol)

---

# MCP Support

OpenDeepWiki supports the MCP protocol:

- Can serve as a single repository MCPServer for repository analysis.

Example configuration:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "OpenDeepWiki":{
      "url": "http://Your OpenDeepWiki service IP:port/api/mcp?owner=AIDotNet&name=OpenDeepWiki"
    }
  }
}
```

If mcp streamable http is not supported, use the following format: 
```json

{
  "mcpServers": {
    "OpenDeepWiki":{
      "url": "http://Your OpenDeepWiki service IP:port/api/mcp/sse?owner=AIDotNet&name=OpenDeepWiki"
    }
  }
}
```

- owner: Repository organization or owner name
- name: Repository name

After adding the repository, you can test by asking questions like "What is OpenDeepWiki?", with effects as shown below:

![](img/mcp.png)

This way, OpenDeepWiki can serve as an MCPServer for other AI models to call, facilitating analysis and understanding of open-source projects.

---

# 🚀 Quick Start

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AIDotNet/OpenDeepWiki.git
cd OpenDeepWiki
```

2. Modify environment variable configuration in `docker-compose.yml`:

- OpenAI example:

```yaml
services:
  koalawiki:
    environment:
      - KOALAWIKI_REPOSITORIES=/repositories
      - TASK_MAX_SIZE_PER_USER=5 # Maximum parallel document generation tasks per user for AI
      - CHAT_MODEL=DeepSeek-V3 # Model must support function calling
      - ANALYSIS_MODEL= # Analysis model for generating repository directory structure
      - CHAT_API_KEY= # Your API Key
      - LANGUAGE= # Default generation language, e.g., "Chinese"
      - ENDPOINT=https://api.token-ai.cn/v1
      - DB_TYPE=sqlite
      - MODEL_PROVIDER=OpenAI # Model provider, supports OpenAI, AzureOpenAI, Anthropic
      - DB_CONNECTION_STRING=Data Source=/data/KoalaWiki.db
      - EnableSmartFilter=true # Whether to enable smart filtering, affects AI's ability to get repository file directories
      - UPDATE_INTERVAL # Repository incremental update interval in days
      - MAX_FILE_LIMIT=100 # Maximum upload file limit in MB
      - DEEP_RESEARCH_MODEL= # Deep research model, if empty uses CHAT_MODEL
      - ENABLE_INCREMENTAL_UPDATE=true # Whether to enable incremental updates
      - ENABLE_CODED_DEPENDENCY_ANALYSIS=false # Whether to enable code dependency analysis, may affect code quality
      - ENABLE_WAREHOUSE_COMMIT=true # Whether to enable warehouse commit
      - ENABLE_FILE_COMMIT=true # Whether to enable file commit
      - REFINE_AND_ENHANCE_QUALITY=false # Whether to refine and enhance quality
      - ENABLE_WAREHOUSE_FUNCTION_PROMPT_TASK=true # Whether to enable warehouse function prompt task
      - ENABLE_WAREHOUSE_DESCRIPTION_TASK=true # Whether to enable warehouse description task
      - CATALOGUE_FORMAT=compact # Directory structure format (compact, json, pathlist, unix)
      - ENABLE_CODE_COMPRESSION=false # Whether to enable code compression
      - READ_MAX_TOKENS=100000 # The maximum token limit for reading files in AI is set to prevent unlimited file reading. It is recommended to fill in 70% of the model's maximum token.
      # Feishu Bot configuration (optional)
      - FeishuAppId=
      - FeishuAppSecret=
      - FeishuBotName=KoalaWiki
```

- AzureOpenAI and Anthropic configurations are similar, only need to adjust `ENDPOINT` and `MODEL_PROVIDER`.

## Database Configuration

### SQLite (Default)
```yaml
- DB_TYPE=sqlite
- DB_CONNECTION_STRING=Data Source=/data/KoalaWiki.db
```

### PostgreSQL
```yaml
- DB_TYPE=postgres
- DB_CONNECTION_STRING=Host=localhost;Database=KoalaWiki;Username=postgres;Password=password
```

### SQL Server
```yaml
- DB_TYPE=sqlserver
- DB_CONNECTION_STRING=Server=localhost;Database=KoalaWiki;Trusted_Connection=true;
```

### MySQL
```yaml
- DB_TYPE=mysql
- DB_CONNECTION_STRING=Server=localhost;Database=KoalaWiki;Uid=root;Pwd=password;
```

3. Start services

Using Makefile commands:

```bash
# Build all Docker images
make build

# Start all services in background
make up

# Start in development mode (with visible logs)
make dev
```

Visit http://localhost:8090 to access the knowledge base page.

For Windows users without make environment, use Docker Compose directly:

```bash
docker-compose build
docker-compose up -d
docker-compose up
docker-compose down
docker-compose logs -f
```

---

# Deployment Recommendations

- Build for specific architecture:

```bash
docker-compose build --build-arg ARCH=arm64
docker-compose build --build-arg ARCH=amd64
```

- Build only backend or frontend:

```bash
docker-compose build koalawiki
docker-compose build koalawiki-web
```

- One-click deployment to Sealos (supports public network access):

[![Deploy on Sealos](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/labring-actions/templates/main/Deploy-on-Sealos.svg)](https://bja.sealos.run/?openapp=system-template%3FtemplateName%3DOpenDeepWiki)

For detailed steps, please refer to: [One-click Sealos Deployment of OpenDeepWiki](scripts/sealos/README.zh-CN.md)

---

# 🔍 How It Works

OpenDeepWiki leverages AI to achieve:

- Clone code repository locally
- Read .gitignore configuration to ignore irrelevant files
- Recursively scan directories to get all files and directories
- Determine if file count exceeds threshold; if so, call AI model for intelligent directory filtering
- Parse AI-returned directory JSON data
- Generate or update README.md
- Call AI model to generate repository classification information and project overview
- Clean project analysis tag content and save project overview to database
- Call AI to generate thinking directory (task list)
- Recursively process directory tasks to generate document directory structure
- Save directory structure to database
- Process incomplete document tasks
- If Git repository, clean old commit records, call AI to generate update log and save

---

# OpenDeepWiki Repository Parsing to Documentation Detailed Flow Chart

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Clone code repository] --> B[Read .gitignore configuration to ignore files]
    B --> C[Recursively scan directories to get all files and directories]
    C --> D{Does file count exceed threshold?}
    D -- No --> E[Directly return directory structure]
    D -- Yes --> F[Call AI model for intelligent directory structure filtering]
    F --> G[Parse AI-returned directory JSON data]
    E --> G
    G --> H[Generate or update README.md]
    H --> I[Call AI model to generate repository classification information]
    I --> J[Call AI model to generate project overview information]
    J --> K[Clean project analysis tag content]
    K --> L[Save project overview to database]
    L --> M[Call AI to generate thinking directory task list]
    M --> N[Recursively process directory tasks to generate DocumentCatalog]
    N --> O[Save directory structure to database]
    O --> P[Process incomplete document tasks]
    P --> Q{Is repository type Git?}
    Q -- Yes --> R[Clean old commit records]
    R --> S[Call AI to generate update log]
    S --> T[Save update log to database]
    Q -- No --> T
```

---

# Advanced Configuration

## Environment Variables

- `KOALAWIKI_REPOSITORIES`: Repository storage path
- `TASK_MAX_SIZE_PER_USER`: Maximum parallel document generation tasks per user for AI
- `CHAT_MODEL`: Chat model (must support function calling)
- `ENDPOINT`: API endpoint
- `ANALYSIS_MODEL`: Analysis model for generating repository directory structure
- `CHAT_API_KEY`: API key
- `LANGUAGE`: Document generation language
- `DB_TYPE`: Database type, supports sqlite, postgres, sqlserver, mysql (default: sqlite)
- `MODEL_PROVIDER`: Model provider, default OpenAI, supports AzureOpenAI, Anthropic
- `DB_CONNECTION_STRING`: Database connection string
- `EnableSmartFilter`: Whether to enable smart filtering, affects AI's ability to get repository directories
- `UPDATE_INTERVAL`: Repository incremental update interval (days)
- `MAX_FILE_LIMIT`: Maximum upload file limit (MB)
- `DEEP_RESEARCH_MODEL`: Deep research model, if empty uses CHAT_MODEL
- `ENABLE_INCREMENTAL_UPDATE`: Whether to enable incremental updates
- `ENABLE_CODED_DEPENDENCY_ANALYSIS`: Whether to enable code dependency analysis, may affect code quality
- `ENABLE_WAREHOUSE_COMMIT`: Whether to enable warehouse commit
- `ENABLE_FILE_COMMIT`: Whether to enable file commit
- `REFINE_AND_ENHANCE_QUALITY`: Whether to refine and enhance quality
- `ENABLE_WAREHOUSE_FUNCTION_PROMPT_TASK`: Whether to enable warehouse function prompt task
- `ENABLE_WAREHOUSE_DESCRIPTION_TASK`: Whether to enable warehouse description task
- `CATALOGUE_FORMAT`: Directory structure format (compact, json, pathlist, unix)
- `ENABLE_CODE_COMPRESSION`: Whether to enable code compression
- `MAX_FILE_READ_COUNT`: Maximum file read count limit for AI, prevents unlimited file reading and improves processing efficiency (default: 10, 0 = no limit)
- `FeishuAppId`: Feishu App ID (required if enabling Feishu Bot)
- `FeishuAppSecret`: Feishu App Secret (required if enabling Feishu Bot)
- `FeishuBotName`: Feishu bot display name (optional)

---

# Feishu Bot Integration

- Purpose: Connect the current repository to Feishu group/DM as a knowledge bot for Q&A and content delivery.
- Callback route: `/api/feishu-bot/{owner}/{name}` (copy the full URL from the "Feishu Bot" button on the repository page).
- Requirement: Service must be publicly accessible; message encryption (Encrypt Key) is not supported yet.

## 1) Create an App in Feishu Open Platform

- Type: Internal App (for your organization).
- Capability: Enable "Bot". Publish to the organization and install it.
- Permissions (at minimum, per platform guidance):
  - Message send/read related scopes (e.g., `im:message`, `im:message:send_as_bot`).
  - Event subscription related scopes (for receiving message events).

## 2) Configure Event Subscriptions (Important)

- Open "Event Subscriptions" and disable "Encrypt Key".
- Subscribe to event: `im.message.receive_v1`.
- Request URL: `https://your-domain/api/feishu-bot/{owner}/{name}`.
  - `{owner}` is the repository organization or owner, e.g., `AIDotNet`.
  - `{name}` is the repository name, e.g., `OpenDeepWiki`.
- Save to complete the URL verification (backend already handles the challenge response).

Tip: You can also click the "Feishu Bot" button on the repository page to copy the dedicated callback URL.

## 3) Configure Server Environment Variables

Set the following in your backend service (see docker-compose example below):

- `FeishuAppId`: Feishu App ID
- `FeishuAppSecret`: Feishu App Secret
- `FeishuBotName`: Bot display name (optional)

## 4) Add the Bot to a Group and Use It

- After installing the app, add the bot to the target group.
- Group: @bot + your question (answers using the current repository's knowledge).
- Direct Message: send your question directly.
- Supports text and image replies (e.g., mind map images).

## Feishu FAQ

- No response/callback failed: ensure the Request URL is publicly reachable and that Nginx proxies `/api/` to the backend.
- "Encryption enabled" message: disable Encrypt Key (current version doesn't support encrypted messages).
- 403/insufficient permissions: make sure the app is installed in the org and required scopes/events are granted.

## Build for Different Architectures

Makefile commands:

```bash
make build-arm    # ARM architecture
make build-amd    # AMD architecture
make build-backend-arm   # Backend only ARM
make build-frontend-amd  # Frontend only AMD
```

---

# Community

- Discord: [join us](https://discord.gg/Y3fvpnGVwt)
- Feishu QR Code:

![Feishu](/img/feishu.png)

![WeChat](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cb346569-2635-4038-a5cd-1c14485da7b2)

---

# 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

---

# ⭐ Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=AIDotNet/OpenDeepWiki&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#AIDotNet/OpenDeepWiki&Date)

Commit message:

refactor: 移除OpenDeepWiki.CodeFoundation项目及相关代码压缩功能
feat(ai): 添加自定义body参数配置支持
feat(mcp): 实现MCP协议支持及streamable配置
fix(文档): 修正文档不存在时的错误提示信息
style: 优化控制台输出颜色及格式
docs: 更新README添加MCP配置说明
chore: 清理无用代码及配置文件

README.md, after:

# OpenDeepWiki

[中文](README.zh-CN.md) | [English](README.md)

<div align="center">
  <img src="/img/favicon.png" alt="OpenDeepWiki Logo" width="220" />
  <h3>AI-Driven Code Knowledge Base</h3>
</div>

---

# enterprise service

[Pricing of enterprise services](https://docs.opendeep.wiki/pricing)

Our enterprise service offers comprehensive support and flexibility for businesses seeking professional AI solutions.

---

# Features

- **Quick Conversion**: Supports converting all GitHub, GitLab, Gitee, Gitea and other code repositories into knowledge bases within minutes.
- **Multi-language Support**: Supports code analysis and documentation generation for all programming languages.
- **Code Structure Diagrams**: Automatically generates Mermaid diagrams to help understand code structure.
- **Custom Model Support**: Supports custom models and custom APIs for flexible extension.
- **AI Intelligent Analysis**: AI-based code analysis and code relationship understanding.
- **SEO Friendly**: Generates SEO-friendly documentation and knowledge bases based on Next.js for easy search engine crawling.
- **Conversational Interaction**: Supports conversations with AI to obtain detailed code information and usage methods for deep code understanding.

---

# Feature List

- [x] Support multiple code repositories (GitHub, GitLab, Gitee, Gitea, etc.)
- [x] Support multiple programming languages (Python, Java, C#, JavaScript, etc.)
- [x] Support repository management (CRUD operations on repositories)
- [x] Support multiple AI providers (OpenAI, AzureOpenAI, Anthropic, etc.)
- [x] Support multiple databases (SQLite, PostgreSQL, SqlServer, MySQL, etc.)
- [x] Support multiple languages (Chinese, English, French, etc.)
- [x] Support uploading ZIP files and local files
- [x] Provide data fine-tuning platform to generate fine-tuning datasets
- [x] Support directory-level repository management with dynamic directory and document generation
- [x] Support repository directory modification management
- [x] Support user management (CRUD operations on users)
- [x] Support user permission management
- [x] Support repository-level generation of different fine-tuning framework datasets

---

# Project Introduction

OpenDeepWiki is an open-source project inspired by [DeepWiki](https://deepwiki.com/), developed based on .NET 9 and Semantic Kernel. It aims to help developers better understand and utilize code repositories, providing features such as code analysis, documentation generation, and knowledge graph construction.

Main Features:

- Analyze code structure
- Understand repository core concepts
- Generate code documentation
- Automatically generate README.md for code
- Support MCP (Model Context Protocol)

---

# MCP Support

OpenDeepWiki supports the MCP protocol:

- Can serve as a single repository MCPServer for repository analysis.

Example configuration:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "OpenDeepWiki":{
      "url": "http://Your OpenDeepWiki service IP:port/api/mcp?owner=AIDotNet&name=OpenDeepWiki"
    }
  }
}
```

If mcp streamable http is not supported, use the following format: 
```json

{
  "mcpServers": {
    "OpenDeepWiki":{
      "url": "http://Your OpenDeepWiki service IP:port/api/mcp/sse?owner=AIDotNet&name=OpenDeepWiki"
    }
  }
}
```

**MCP Streamable Configuration**

You can configure MCP streamable support for specific services using the `MCP_STREAMABLE` environment variable:

```yaml
environment:
  # Format: serviceName1=streamableUrl1,serviceName2=streamableUrl2
  - MCP_STREAMABLE=claude=http://localhost:8080/api/mcp,windsurf=http://localhost:8080/api/mcp
```

This allows you to specify which services should use streamable HTTP endpoints and their corresponding URLs.

- owner: Repository organization or owner name
- name: Repository name

After adding the repository, you can test by asking questions like "What is OpenDeepWiki?", with effects as shown below:

![](img/mcp.png)

This way, OpenDeepWiki can serve as an MCPServer for other AI models to call, facilitating analysis and understanding of open-source projects.

---

# 🚀 Quick Start

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AIDotNet/OpenDeepWiki.git
cd OpenDeepWiki
```

2. Modify environment variable configuration in `docker-compose.yml`:

- OpenAI example:

```yaml
services:
  koalawiki:
    environment:
      - TASK_MAX_SIZE_PER_USER=2 # Maximum parallel document generation tasks per user for AI
      - CHAT_MODEL=DeepSeek-V3 # Model must support function calling
      - ANALYSIS_MODEL= # Analysis model for generating repository directory structure
      - CHAT_API_KEY= # Your API Key
      - LANGUAGE= # Default generation language, e.g., "Chinese"
      - ENDPOINT=https://api.token-ai.cn/v1
      - DB_TYPE=sqlite
      - MODEL_PROVIDER=OpenAI # Model provider, supports OpenAI, AzureOpenAI
      - DB_CONNECTION_STRING=Data Source=/data/KoalaWiki.db
      - EnableSmartFilter=true # Whether to enable smart filtering, affects AI's ability to get repository file directories
      - UPDATE_INTERVAL=5 # Repository incremental update interval in days
      - MAX_FILE_LIMIT=100 # Maximum upload file limit in MB
      - DEEP_RESEARCH_MODEL= # Deep research model, if empty uses CHAT_MODEL
      - ENABLE_INCREMENTAL_UPDATE=true # Whether to enable incremental updates
      - ENABLE_CODED_DEPENDENCY_ANALYSIS=false # Whether to enable code dependency analysis, may affect code quality
      - ENABLE_WAREHOUSE_COMMIT=true # Whether to enable warehouse commit
      - ENABLE_FILE_COMMIT=true # Whether to enable file commit
      - REFINE_AND_ENHANCE_QUALITY=false # Whether to refine and enhance quality
      - CATALOGUE_FORMAT=compact # Directory structure format (compact, json, pathlist, unix)
      - CUSTOM_BODY_PARAMS= # Custom request body parameters, format: key1=value1,key2=value2 (e.g., stop=<|im_end|>,max_tokens=4096)
      - READ_MAX_TOKENS=100000 # The maximum token limit for reading files in AI is set to prevent unlimited file reading. It is recommended to fill in 70% of the model's maximum token.
      - MCP_STREAMABLE= # MCP service streamable configuration, format: serviceName=streamableUrl (e.g., claude=http://localhost:8080/api/mcp,windsurf=http://localhost:8080/api/mcp)
      # Feishu Bot configuration (optional)
      - FeishuAppId=
      - FeishuAppSecret=
      - FeishuBotName=KoalaWiki
```

- AzureOpenAI and Anthropic configurations are similar, only need to adjust `ENDPOINT` and `MODEL_PROVIDER`.

## Database Configuration

### SQLite (Default)
```yaml
- DB_TYPE=sqlite
- DB_CONNECTION_STRING=Data Source=/data/KoalaWiki.db
```

### PostgreSQL
```yaml
- DB_TYPE=postgres
- DB_CONNECTION_STRING=Host=localhost;Database=KoalaWiki;Username=postgres;Password=password
```

### SQL Server
```yaml
- DB_TYPE=sqlserver
- DB_CONNECTION_STRING=Server=localhost;Database=KoalaWiki;Trusted_Connection=true;
```

### MySQL
```yaml
- DB_TYPE=mysql
- DB_CONNECTION_STRING=Server=localhost;Database=KoalaWiki;Uid=root;Pwd=password;
```

3. Start services

Using Makefile commands:

```bash
# Build all Docker images
make build

# Start all services in background
make up

# Start in development mode (with visible logs)
make dev
```

Visit http://localhost:8090 to access the knowledge base page.

For Windows users without make environment, use Docker Compose directly:

```bash
docker-compose build
docker-compose up -d
docker-compose up
docker-compose down
docker-compose logs -f
```

---

# Deployment Recommendations

- Build for specific architecture:

```bash
docker-compose build --build-arg ARCH=arm64
docker-compose build --build-arg ARCH=amd64
```

- Build only backend or frontend:

```bash
docker-compose build koalawiki
docker-compose build koalawiki-web
```

- One-click deployment to Sealos (supports public network access):

[![Deploy on Sealos](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/labring-actions/templates/main/Deploy-on-Sealos.svg)](https://bja.sealos.run/?openapp=system-template%3FtemplateName%3DOpenDeepWiki)

For detailed steps, please refer to: [One-click Sealos Deployment of OpenDeepWiki](scripts/sealos/README.zh-CN.md)

---

# 🔍 How It Works

OpenDeepWiki leverages AI to achieve:

- Clone code repository locally
- Read .gitignore configuration to ignore irrelevant files
- Recursively scan directories to get all files and directories
- Determine if file count exceeds threshold; if so, call AI model for intelligent directory filtering
- Parse AI-returned directory JSON data
- Generate or update README.md
- Call AI model to generate repository classification information and project overview
- Clean project analysis tag content and save project overview to database
- Call AI to generate thinking directory (task list)
- Recursively process directory tasks to generate document directory structure
- Save directory structure to database
- Process incomplete document tasks
- If Git repository, clean old commit records, call AI to generate update log and save

---

# OpenDeepWiki Repository Parsing to Documentation Detailed Flow Chart

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Clone code repository] --> B[Read .gitignore configuration to ignore files]
    B --> C[Recursively scan directories to get all files and directories]
    C --> D{Does file count exceed threshold?}
    D -- No --> E[Directly return directory structure]
    D -- Yes --> F[Call AI model for intelligent directory structure filtering]
    F --> G[Parse AI-returned directory JSON data]
    E --> G
    G --> H[Generate or update README.md]
    H --> I[Call AI model to generate repository classification information]
    I --> J[Call AI model to generate project overview information]
    J --> K[Clean project analysis tag content]
    K --> L[Save project overview to database]
    L --> M[Call AI to generate thinking directory task list]
    M --> N[Recursively process directory tasks to generate DocumentCatalog]
    N --> O[Save directory structure to database]
    O --> P[Process incomplete document tasks]
    P --> Q{Is repository type Git?}
    Q -- Yes --> R[Clean old commit records]
    R --> S[Call AI to generate update log]
    S --> T[Save update log to database]
    Q -- No --> T
```

---

# Advanced Configuration

## Environment Variables

- `KOALAWIKI_REPOSITORIES`: Repository storage path
- `TASK_MAX_SIZE_PER_USER`: Maximum parallel document generation tasks per user for AI
- `CHAT_MODEL`: Chat model (must support function calling)
- `ENDPOINT`: API endpoint
- `ANALYSIS_MODEL`: Analysis model for generating repository directory structure
- `CHAT_API_KEY`: API key
- `LANGUAGE`: Document generation language
- `DB_TYPE`: Database type, supports sqlite, postgres, sqlserver, mysql (default: sqlite)
- `MODEL_PROVIDER`: Model provider, default OpenAI, supports AzureOpenAI, Anthropic
- `DB_CONNECTION_STRING`: Database connection string
- `EnableSmartFilter`: Whether to enable smart filtering, affects AI's ability to get repository directories
- `UPDATE_INTERVAL`: Repository incremental update interval (days)
- `MAX_FILE_LIMIT`: Maximum upload file limit (MB)
- `DEEP_RESEARCH_MODEL`: Deep research model, if empty uses CHAT_MODEL
- `ENABLE_INCREMENTAL_UPDATE`: Whether to enable incremental updates
- `ENABLE_CODED_DEPENDENCY_ANALYSIS`: Whether to enable code dependency analysis, may affect code quality
- `ENABLE_WAREHOUSE_COMMIT`: Whether to enable warehouse commit
- `ENABLE_FILE_COMMIT`: Whether to enable file commit
- `REFINE_AND_ENHANCE_QUALITY`: Whether to refine and enhance quality
- `ENABLE_WAREHOUSE_FUNCTION_PROMPT_TASK`: Whether to enable warehouse function prompt task
- `ENABLE_WAREHOUSE_DESCRIPTION_TASK`: Whether to enable warehouse description task
- `CATALOGUE_FORMAT`: Directory structure format (compact, json, pathlist, unix)
- `ENABLE_CODE_COMPRESSION`: Whether to enable code compression
- `CUSTOM_BODY_PARAMS`: Custom request body parameters, format: `key1=value1,key2=value2` (e.g., `stop=<|im_end|>,max_tokens=4096`). These parameters will be added to all AI model API requests
- `READ_MAX_TOKENS`: Maximum token limit for reading files in AI, prevents unlimited file reading. It is recommended to fill in 70% of the model's maximum token (default: 100000)
- `MAX_FILE_READ_COUNT`: Maximum file read count limit for AI, prevents unlimited file reading and improves processing efficiency (default: 10, 0 = no limit)
- `FeishuAppId`: Feishu App ID (required if enabling Feishu Bot)
- `FeishuAppSecret`: Feishu App Secret (required if enabling Feishu Bot)
- `FeishuBotName`: Feishu bot display name (optional)

---

# Feishu Bot Integration

- Purpose: Connect the current repository to Feishu group/DM as a knowledge bot for Q&A and content delivery.
- Callback route: `/api/feishu-bot/{owner}/{name}` (copy the full URL from the "Feishu Bot" button on the repository page).
- Requirement: Service must be publicly accessible; message encryption (Encrypt Key) is not supported yet.

## 1) Create an App in Feishu Open Platform

- Type: Internal App (for your organization).
- Capability: Enable "Bot". Publish to the organization and install it.
- Permissions (at minimum, per platform guidance):
  - Message send/read related scopes (e.g., `im:message`, `im:message:send_as_bot`).
  - Event subscription related scopes (for receiving message events).

## 2) Configure Event Subscriptions (Important)

- Open "Event Subscriptions" and disable "Encrypt Key".
- Subscribe to event: `im.message.receive_v1`.
- Request URL: `https://your-domain/api/feishu-bot/{owner}/{name}`.
  - `{owner}` is the repository organization or owner, e.g., `AIDotNet`.
  - `{name}` is the repository name, e.g., `OpenDeepWiki`.
- Save to complete the URL verification (backend already handles the challenge response).

Tip: You can also click the "Feishu Bot" button on the repository page to copy the dedicated callback URL.

## 3) Configure Server Environment Variables

Set the following in your backend service (see docker-compose example below):

- `FeishuAppId`: Feishu App ID
- `FeishuAppSecret`: Feishu App Secret
- `FeishuBotName`: Bot display name (optional)

## 4) Add the Bot to a Group and Use It

- After installing the app, add the bot to the target group.
- Group: @bot + your question (answers using the current repository's knowledge).
- Direct Message: send your question directly.
- Supports text and image replies (e.g., mind map images).

## Feishu FAQ

- No response/callback failed: ensure the Request URL is publicly reachable and that Nginx proxies `/api/` to the backend.
- "Encryption enabled" message: disable Encrypt Key (current version doesn't support encrypted messages).
- 403/insufficient permissions: make sure the app is installed in the org and required scopes/events are granted.

## Build for Different Architectures

Makefile commands:

```bash
make build-arm    # ARM architecture
make build-amd    # AMD architecture
make build-backend-arm   # Backend only ARM
make build-frontend-amd  # Frontend only AMD
```

---

# Community

- Discord: [join us](https://discord.gg/Y3fvpnGVwt)
- Feishu QR Code:

![Feishu](/img/feishu.png)

![WeChat](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cb346569-2635-4038-a5cd-1c14485da7b2)

---

# 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

---

# ⭐ Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=AIDotNet/OpenDeepWiki&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#AIDotNet/OpenDeepWiki&Date)
